[DOCS] Add table listing supported evaluation parameter expressions to the docs (#8124)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/terms/evaluation_parameter.md

- You cannot currently combine complex values with arithmetic expressions.
:::

> The complete list of expressions usable in Evaluation Parameters and their corresponding functions is below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expressions and the corresponding functions that you can use in Evaluation Parameters are listed in the following table:
```
![image](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations/assets/104205257/1563732f-e7b4-42f2-bc69-1ded0bd7d925)

> | **Evaluation Parameter Expression** | **Python Function Call**                                      |

Reviewer: Confirm both column headings have the same justification - left or center.
